[Music]
Do you want to browse the
internet safely and also access all the
content from your favorite platforms
like Netflix, HBO Max or Disney Plus,
Cyberg, VPN?  And I don't know if you know this,
but there is content that isn't available in your country
.  And with this little trick
you can access all the content,
wherever you are.  I don't know if you know what
a VPN is, but it's an extension you
add to your internet that
masks your IP address. Besides browsing
completely safely and anonymously, so no
one can know who or where you
are, it also lets you access
content that's blocked in your
country.  There are movies and series on your
favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, in media,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that doesn't
allow you to.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected by
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data.
Ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get an 83%
discount using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can ask for a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.  Click
the link in the description and take advantage of
this super offer.  Cyberghost VPN for
completely free and secure browsing.
Oh, really, this account is not part of the
plan, this one about the laughing cat, I don't know if it's
Tania's, Nae's or him.  And what do you
want?  Let's see.
Javi Oliveira, the clown, keeps making up stories that I cried
at the trial.  What the [ __ ] are you going to
record that I cry, Ameva, whenever you want we
can play it and eh you cried in court,
we saw it here, 4,000 spectators who
were there and you went away crying even more
that you filed a complaint with the
data protection to have the
video removed, to ask me to remove the
video.  Um, you have to be a bit of a creep to poke
fun at someone
crying.  I'm not laughing at you crying, I'm laughing
at you insulting me,
calling me an abuser, telling me rubbish, telling me
that I deserve any illness, and then
with four little insults you went to a
game to cry.  That's what I
laugh about, that I was faking the crying.
That's what I laugh about.  And here we
have seen you crying for not being able to
sleep with my area in alphabet.
When?  Decide what you
answer me.  Oh, fate you what Ay, oh, oh.
But if you defended me, Ylorica, if you
defended me, if you contacted me to
tell me, oh, look how bad the
conversations they're posting about you are,
how scumbags and what these
conversations are posting and you have to see
how
feminist.  False, false, obsessed.  Let's see,
R token laser, Messi dick.  I was
calm in Asia, but seeing that this
rat keeps lying about me.  When
you have some free time, if it's
okay with you, I'll spend some time chatting together
whenever you want.  I'd love to see you with
that threesome, okay?  Hey, a
stalker, okay?  A stalker like
Ret, okay?  A criminal who has just
been in jail
for threats.  Hey, another one I've
sued, no, triple sued and a guy
who shares pedophile content,
Mexiga.  Okay, so yes, yes, together.
Look, you are asking him, Mother of
God, you are asking what you are
asking him to do, what he is asking him to
get on.  Well, come on over there and
put on the video.  Get in with them and put on the
video to see if you cried or not.  And
if not, I'll put it there.  And if not, say, "Javi,
if you have it, put it and I'll put it."  If
not, you'll cry later because I'm
posting it.  Man, man, we saw it
here.  But we saw it here.  He denies it,
of course you cried.  I'm scared of your
videos.  I'm scared of your videos of you
crying, acting like you're being a character, because
then look how you go on social media to
mess with a girl who died.
Look, what a Butar element in Andorra.
The second is that entities like Caritas
have already distributed all the donations they
received.  And the third, that months
later these influencers, who knew how to
do everything better than anyone, have been
unable to distribute the more than
€900,000 they raised, let's not lose
sight of this, for urgent needs.  In
short, man, finally, finally,
of course, it's not that that's what it is.
Finally, he'll be able to meet someone who
will agree with him.  Finally his dream.
Finally, he's going to meet someone who
will agree with him.  Even if they are those.
Even if they are those.  I mean, these
people think, these people think that
because you appear in one of my videos in
passing or because I mention you or bring you
up or criticize you, that you can
answer, "No, laser, look, I'm going to
tell you very clearly, you have another lawsuit and a
third one is on the way because what I
filed against you, the lawsuit I filed against you
was for some specific things that
I mentioned to you."  Of course, I have to
deny, I have to deny
things.  Sure, but there's no crossover between
you and me, we're not debating, nor
are we on the same level.  Your channel is
about me, you can't do anything else.
You have three channels about me, your
Twitter account about me, a podcast about me,
and every day there are insults,
accusations of crimes,
serious accusations, even accusations of taking drugs.
So, you answer in court,
and then in court you are not the same.   I
don't understand why you're trying to maintain a
facade there with that audience
you have, only to then privately
do what you did with Delox.  Please don't
tell Javi, okay?  Or please take
the complaint off my hands.  No, I'm not going to take anything away from you
.  You're going to go to court and we're going to
show you the video where you say that the
judge is going to tell you that you have to
insult me ​​a lot more because I'm going to respond to you,
okay?  I mean, you know, there's no
disrespect, and I'm not responding to you on the same level, and I wouldn't
even mention you, okay?  So,
you see what he said yesterday, huh?  So,
even Tina made him a drawing, like the
deer, okay?  Look, the
deer thing was an act of the deer.
Deer who dressed Frank, surprise,
was prepared.  Boom, boom, I was
ready.  He wanted him to shoot
the deer and provoked him to do so
.  Not even that.  Please don't tell
Javi.  That's the one that they
should have put in their
podcast.  Please don't tell Javi.  The
deer attacked him, but it was because he
wanted to, it wasn't by chance.  He was
shooting at a specific angle so
the deer would
charge at him.  I mean, literally all
the harassment is, I mean, look, there's this
other thing.  I mean, how do you expect
Conchi Chi to be saying this and not saying it and
not denying these things?  Yes. The
spitting cave attack caught on
video.  This species spits in your
eyes.  Its venom, when
cornered, causes
eye irritation and even blindness in the most
serious cases.  Okay.  Why did
the snake feel cornered first of
all, why did the snake feel cornered
first of all?  Nothing, because they
were asking for his
tax return.  And obviously this video is
old.  Obviously this video is
old.  Well, I don't even
know if Fran Cuesta recorded this video.  Maybe
he didn't even record it, right?  I don't even know if
Fran recorded it.  Okay, so this is the
sanctuary.  This is the sanctuary and there's
the snake and that's the video,
okay?  I mean, if it is, I mean, it's
absurd, okay?  This doesn't give you the right to
accuse me of a crime and tell me I'm
taking drugs, do you understand?  I mean, if
your argument is going to try to be a
return spirit, try it, try it and
see how it goes, but take into account the demand
that will be added to the third one.
You're going to join the third one.  Take
the lawsuit, okay?  Whenever you want, I'll
tell you which court the first
one is in.  The first one is already there, the
second one is posted this week and it's
going to be added to the third one, which is
about something else, but it's
every day.  But take it.  Take it.  You
don't say you're going to tell the judge to
take her.  If I tell you where it is, okay?
Contact Pablo or tell your lawyer
to be honest, to tell him what you told
Pablo and to tell him where he is, because he
will tell him.  If you're going to tell him where it
is.  It's just that he doesn't take it.  Now he's
moved to another city and he doesn't take it, you know?
Take it, take it.  You tell him that Javi
criticized you because you said that the
cobra is not at the door of the
sanctuary.  You tell him, "No, no, look, it's just
that I insult him every day because
Javi deserves it, because look, he
told me that the cobra isn't
in the sanctuary."  You have to see, you have to
see.  Uh, well, anyway, Joan Plana
has become a feminist now too, right?
And apart from saying that he didn't cry at
the trial, that he cried, that he cried at
the trial, okay?  I don't laugh when
someone cries, right?  I mean, I'm
very empathetic with the feelings of
poor creatures.  What happens is,
man, you cry in court
after calling me an abuser.
You called the other one a drug addict.  You called the
other winged one a [ __ ].
You tried to boycott the other guy, Carlos Salgado,
so he wouldn't find
his daughter.  Because you said that of course, since he
was working with a feminist, he couldn't
meet up with his daughter again,
that he was probably keeping the money
to spend on girls with
makeup as big as a door, right?
Joan Plana said.  So, of course, I'm not
laughing at anyone crying.  Now you
cry after calling me an
abuser and all the things you've
called me, man.  That embarrassment in
court, of course, you were right to
cry, you went crying to the
Data Protection Agency to
ask me to remove it.  Let me
put in the piece, Joan, to see if you cried
or not.  Let me post the
piece, I can post it, I can
censor it, I can post it and you can post
another complaint like that, okay?  But if
you weren't bothered by the judgment, you didn't want me to
take it away.  But we saw it here.
I'm sure there are people here who saw it.   Of
course you cried.  What do you mean you didn't
cry?  Of course you didn't cry.
This is what justice is for: to keep the
harassers from harassing
Miara and her family, Antonia, in this case.  I
honestly don't know if this union
seems more wonderful to me on Antonia's part
or on yours, Joan.  The
truth is that it is striking to say the least,
but oh well.  That is, what she can
find that supports her is you and what you
can find that supports her is
her.  So, well, nothing, I'm glad.
She had Twitch against you in the past
saying how small you were, how
small you were.  But hey, don't put it there.   We
saw it plenty, man.  We saw it
here.  For God's sake, if you're going to deny something
that actually happened.  Let's see, no, but he does
deny it.  Then she denied that she
called me an abuser, then she denied that Alada
called her a [ __ ].  Well, kid, get over it, it
's 2020. You looked bad in the
media debate.  Spot.  That's it.  No
more crying.  If you're crying now, it
's not because you cried at the trial, it's because you
're crying now.  You looked bad in the
media debate.  That's it.  A guy with no
education papped you.  A guy without an education,
man, nothing more.  Congratulations, you won a
€0 insult lawsuit.  Wow.  Adri,
Adriá, whatever happens, you'll be fed up with
the trial with Pablo Franco,
okay?  You spent tens of thousands of
euros on the trial and Pablo Franco
caught you, boom, and beat you in every
instance.  The nicoteca that
his father defended him, boom, he won the
lawsuit too.  That's it.  The only one who
sentenced me to delete some videos
because my language was very vulgar and very
osseous, okay?  I mean, just get over it.
2020, nothing happens.  I'm
sure
I've lost some debate or
discussion on the internet at some point, I don't remember which one.  It's okay, it's
okay, it's okay, okay?
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
.  This has already been tremendous, huh?
This has already been me, really, I mean,
go, go to group, go little gathering, go to
group and go little gathering, go to group and
go little gathering, okay?  It turns out they're
posting a fake today, okay?, of a
fake Dallas tweet, because that's the only thing
they can do all the time: post fakes.  And he
says, "It seems like, like, it's a fake,
like it's Delog on a video call
with a girl, okay? It seems like, this
is a fake tweet from Dallas, eh, it seems like
they think I'm bluffing, they have no
idea the amount of information, videos,
public and non-public audio. From their
private lives, they forget the things they've
done. I'm going after them all because
I have enough for everyone. No more staying
silent. Either they delete things or everyone
loses. It's about time
all those rats started apologizing publicly for all the lies,
defamation, and slander. This is just
the tip of the ICB, okay? And Delox takes it and
quotes it and publishes it, man.
Another day. This is like the toast
in the morning of you publishing
fake news, a fake, a
falsified conversation, really. I mean, at this
point I'll warn you, okay? I understand that it wo
n't be necessary. We're talking about
Delox, currently charged with a
alleged fraud, okay? Hey,
used to just publishing fakes
.  We picked it up here in a debate.
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.  It was lie
after lie, corner after
corner.  He published
falsified conversations from Dallas
when he was the one who looked bad in those
conversations and
he was the one who said shady things, right?  He's
charged us with crimes in every way
possible, okay?  And he joins people
who are going to defend him.  Because?  Because he is
blinded by hatred.  Okay, the other day
what was the fake that was published about me,
ah, the thing about Chi's face.  About
Chi's face, mate.
Chi Posted About His Face, Man.  He ate the thing on
Chi's face.  He published it.  Javi Oliveira
publishes, leaks Chi's face.  Well,
nothing, not even 48 hours, not even 48 hours he deleted it
because he looked like a coward, okay?  And
not even 48 hours again.  This is
you, man.  I mean, I don't even need to
say it.  Don't believe anything at all.
Let Delux publish.  And of course, don't
buy anything Delo sells, you'll
be damned.  But go away, okay?  I
authorize Dallas to publish the
video, which in no way resembles a
montage.  Come on over, man, come on
over, for real.  And he calls Fran a fraud
.  Yes, yes, yes, yes.  He's welcome to talk
about it, yes, but that's it, the guy
publishes it and that's it and then he deletes it and that's it
, because right now he's in a
group where they're not going to criticize him anymore.  If
Fran goes against Dallas tomorrow,
saying that Dallas is a pedophile and
saying all this,
these people will not care about Dallas, they will not care about
Dallas.  I mean, Fran,
you know what I mean?  And Fran can go and
eat an ostrich and they won't say
anything, they will protect him and that's why De
is doing it.  Well, I think he's
sick, actually.  I don't think he
does it just so people don't mess
with him either.  He's done enough to
not be messed with.  He's already turned
against Dallas, he's already said what he
had to say, but now he's doing this
out of illness.  So, the
slightest thing you see is a fake, okay?  You had
a meme about that, didn't you, Wizard?  We had
a meme about that, man.  Damn, that makes
me so angry.  What was it?  I had a meme
about that that was like Delox every time
I see a fake of Javi Oliveira or
Dallas, right?  Or I shortened it today, man.   It's just
crazy.  It's not even been 48
hours since you did it and tomorrow you'll publish another
fake.  Tomorrow you'll publish another fake, which
has no shame.  And
the reader appears here and says, "Javi,
good afternoon. That's not my account. I
don't do that kind of thing."  And you are and
you are and you are.  Is your name?
Presentation, please.  Aside from
good afternoon.  Presentation.  Hello, my
name is so-and-so.  Who are you?  Hey, good
afternoon.  I understand you need
publicity and that we haven't
responded to your tweets for days, but no one
has mentioned the news about Delo to you.  I
mean, you literally have no business.   I
mean, no no no it doesn't matter, it doesn't
matter that it was a fake account that
according to you is impersonating you.
Well, I read, so
everyone called Javi Oliveira in Javi
peluca, Javi Canino, Javi I don't know what,
Javi I don't know how much are pretending to be
me, right?  Don't let that make him look bad,
because he's the typical guy who's talked
a lot, right?  A barking, slow-
biting dog who then realizes he
shat himself and won't go to his
hearing and say, "I
shat myself."  Because he has no balls.  I mean,
a real man has the same
balls to point fingers as he does to
apologize.  So I think it doesn't cost
anything to apologize if you've
realized that you were wrong so that it doesn't
look bad because it's the typical guy who does
n't do anything, man, it's not been that
long since we were doing this, man.  I
can't believe it.  They're all a
bunch of morons, huh?  You have to
treat it like what it is, okay?  A
special person, huh, man.  And he
even covered the AI's face and
put an emoji on it so as not to filter the
AI's face, man.  The face is Peruvian,
[ __ ].  They are very cool, man.  I've got it, man,
I'm serious, I'm going to do it as a joke
because I'm a little lacking in
contentment.  D, I'm going to do it as a joke
and then I'm going to get comments from
the four idiots who will come out.  But it's not
that they're all stupid, it's that I'm
absolutely sure they've started
sending it to each other on
WhatsApp.  And then Javi Oliveira, the
same guy who bragged on TV about being
Frank's friend when he was arrested,
just leaked Chi's face, and he
did it after Chi said that if he
did, he'd start absorbing all the
[ __ ] he has from Franeta.  It's
clear that Javi has never been Frank's friend
and just wants to watch the world burn
so he can keep getting visits with friends
like that. Who needs enemies?  No, man,
it's possible.  Well, look, there are some
stupid people, but this guy, the thing
about him putting his face on
top of the Peruvian's face, that
was what I liked the most,
right?  Not me, I'm already doing this for real, I mean,
dude, lady, I mean, dude, but this, what the
[ __ ] is it?  Is it fake?  I mean, Dallas
hasn't posted this, I'm the same.  It is or it
isn't, man.  Seriously, man, but
you retweeted it just in case, huh?  Man,
really, that's nonsense.  We're back.
This time, he shared a
fake screenshot accusing the reviewer of
trying to extort him by publishing
her intimate content.  This, this is
from Javi.  For me, they start when I
wake up and I get several messages,
"Look, this account is you, this is
you, I don't know what."  I tell him, "No, it's not
me."  And I tweet, "No, it's not
me."  And a person comes up to me and says,
"Hey, look at
Javi Oliveira's last tweet, he thought it
was you, I don't know what."  And I come
and see the tweet and I say, "Well, it
's not me, but I'm still going to
this one, so to speak, to tell him it's not
me."  And I put that, I say,
"Javi, good afternoon. That account isn't
me. I don't do that kind of thing."  That
was all.  He replied, "Good
afternoon. I understand you need
publicity and that we haven't
responded to your posts for days, but no one
has mentioned you. The news about
the greetings."  Okay.  A little bit burned, isn't it?
A little burned.  So,
this man is burning hot, he says.  I don't know
why I say hahaha to Lucín a little bit.
Greetings because I have decided not to fight
with these people anymore.  I answer everyone
laughing.  This person comes, this
person I don't know who he is, says that
part of what no one mentioned to you was not
understood.  I'll tell him if he doesn't want me to
comment on the tweet, he
can block me.  Javi, Javi,
do you want some attention?  Literally me.  Hello, Javi,
how are you?  The letter, Letter wants
attention from me.  That was it, man, but I don't know
if I can publish that, man.  Wizard, that
was the meme, man.  Come on, there was another meme
that was like he was running.  I saw a
fake about me, I was running, but
that one is also really good.  I retweeted that one
, but I can't post that one,
man.  Take a risk.  No, I can't
risk it, [ __ ].  Let me tell you, I've been
without Twitch for six months and now
everything's legal.  No, no, no, man.
I'm going to block [ __ ] WhatsApp,
Wiza, and Wallet.  That is, they provoke
bad, negative things in me.  They don't bring any
good content here.  Letter.  The
stalker letter.  Lyrics, friend.  But
why do you imitate Ra?  How pathetic.
Why do you imitate Ra?  How pathetic.  Damn, he does
n't have
any personality, man.  That's why that's what
happened to him with opinions, he might have
one opinion about you, you know?  Because he
saw it on Twitter and it seemed logical,
boom, damn, well I think Dala
is right about what he said about
Wimchu having a cap.  And then I would
find four tweets saying that
Wimichu had a hat and then I went out and
said, "Well, I think it might be a
hat. I'm not sure. What do
you guys think? Because he has no personality.
Get in your little corner with that crazy guy with the
dick. Abi, how are you? Hey, Letra
wants attention from me. Hey, Eletra
stalker. Eletra. I've never said that in my
[ __ ] life, dude. I mean, I'm from, I mean, I
come to you and I greet you with everything. Oh,
good afternoon, Javi. I don't give a
[ __ ] that you said good afternoon. Because just
because you said good afternoon, we
weren't talking about you in that
[ __ ] heavy news. The news was
about Delox and the news was that Delox
has published another fake like all of
you, okay? Like you when you
published the thing about the strikes
that I explained to you 8,000 times and
clearly that it wasn't Dallas or anything
and it came out of your [ __ ] that it was
Dallas for  to feel welcomed there
in the group of bad guys you
hang out with. I don't give a damn if you say
good afternoon to me.  It's just the typical
nonsense that you think that just because you
say good afternoon I have to
answer you nicely.  [ __ ] off.  What the
[ __ ] am I going to answer you properly if you're constantly
giving me crap and
insulting me all day long in
your [ __ ] shitty space?  What do you think is the
reason you say good afternoon?  If you say
good afternoon, I'll do like the
Cupy Doral Fran snake with your good afternoon.
More stupid people, more stupid people.  Come on, it
's not like I said good afternoon to you.  Ah,
well, then that means
the news is about you and that you have
something to say on Twitter.  Ah, man, it was very very
short before, man.  Chicken asks for internal.
Sir, honestly, I'm coming.
Honestly, no.  He says I want
attention.  Dude, I was the one who banned you from the
spaces.  Because I'm taking a
turn, taking a turn.
Karim wrote to me the other day and sent me a click.
Karime will do it, are you still there?  It's been
three days since Karime sent me a tweet.
I think I was on the beach and he
was telling me, uh, he was
telling me in the tweet, uh, they were
calling me for Space.  What day was it?
Karim, Karim is over there.  Three
days ago they were calling me to
upload a space.  What does the extra who
unblocked you from going up
to Space say?  And you unblocked me
because you replied to the tweet today.  And
you unblocked me because you
replied to the tweet.  What
Karime told me is true, apart from Karim not
lying to me.
Seriously, what sad people, man.
Seriously, they're not actors, are they?
I promise you they are not actors.  They are not
actors to create content.  He
was chasing me, I couldn't make room
because you were there, sir.  And I want to
listen to the birds. I reached space and
everyone cried.  When I arrived in
space, everyone, right?  Cri cri cri,
everyone is scared.  Cri cri cri.  I've never
seen someone scare people away so
quickly.  Well, it's probably you who's
talking, probably you on Tinder or
probably you at some club
like that, hum, just like you show up and
greet someone.  When I don't
like it, I mean, saying that oh, what a game
with such and such, that's why I unlocked it.  I
mean, if he wants to show up someday, he
's welcome, eh, if he's going to
behave like a normal person and not show
up, cowardly, cowardly and all
the [ __ ] he does, you know?  But if
you have RA, who, man, really, I mean, he's got
a [ __ ] lunatic
in his space and he's asking me for
education to come across as a person who
really, really, really lives in
a stranger and more [ __ ]
crazy reality.  Uh, that, uh, I had this
blocked until about a week ago when I
decided to unblock a bunch of people.
We were the ones who decided not to
accept it anymore in the spaces,
basically because you didn't
decide to.  You didn't decide it.
Your bosses decided who's
ass you suck.  You didn't decide anything.  Damn,
I like watching that Javi.  Keep eating,
grandpa.  Kiss, Nachu, what's up?
People didn't want it anymore because the guy was coming and
taking over the spaces.  Are you
talking?  What are you talking about?  It damaged the
spaces.  Have you never had any
audience again in your life?  Any
space I climb I lift.  And it
was really really really unpleasant.  I mean, the
last space he came in we were
all happy talking to
everyone.  He arrived.  The last space
I arrived, you were all happy
talking about me.  I arrived and you
all shut your [ __ ] mouths.  And they
all left.  They all left,
the cable fell off, eh, he started doing his things
and everyone left, I mean, he
started doing his things asking them what they
were talking about me.  He got busy with his
things, my things, asking them what they
were talking about me and they did all chun chun chun chun
chun.  Some were
there, everyone was there, and they
all left en masse.  You were there, Sat.  Yeah, it
was just a matter of seconds,
everyone was talking and out of nowhere, poof, they went
quiet and he started like, but
if they're talking about me, why aren't they going
to talk to me?  Yo, friend, because they don't
want to talk to you, what do we do?
Yes, yes.  Uh, he always and the last time
after he damaged the space we had
like 900 people, he came in and
literally 400 remained.  Of course, because I opened it
myself.  Because I opened it directly.  If I
don't open live, there will be 2,000 viewers
at the live show, on that
shitty show of yours.  That's why the next day you
went on a live show from the uncle south to a
Space where you didn't belong and you went up to
spam.  The same thing I
told the other guy the other day that I hid the
response from him in the tweet about
Fran's eyes, that he came to say something
stupid about Fran's eyes and I
hid it from him.  It's because I've been around for many years and I know
perfectly well when someone is
spamming and you
can't fall for a [ __ ] low-level southern
guy who's smiling with her eyes
closed.  Also, it was, uh, one of
these people's spaces that I was
watching while I was traveling and I remember
perfectly well that I was traveling.
Come on kid, brighten my night xd.  I watch it
lailo.  Also, I was going on a trip alone,
and if I remember correctly, the last trip
alone would be to Badajoa, which was even more ridiculous.   It
can't be Karen.  The Karen.
Wait.  Where is a space that
they made?  I mean, how long has it been since I did what
Borja Capony did? I was going to
Badajo to pick up Alex and from there we
went to Madrid.  This one is safe.
Look, look.  Adás is the red line
here.  Look, clown, you're a clown.   They
accused me of playing along with
Antonia.  What's up?  I don't have any of
Electra's lore, eh.  I don't know anything, really.
Yes, yesterday they told me that, that I was
following Antonia's lead.  I mean, that
's the most evil thing, you know?  If it
autonomously does what you want
when you want it, what's the problem?  No,
obviously.  I mean, of course.  But hey,
guys, how are you?  I'm going to greet them.
How are you?  How are you doing?  I go to greet them
and every morning I hear the
last Dallas hit.  No, Electra,
it's the same as always, if you're not, well, if you do
n't pay attention to them, they're really
shitty people.  Well, I eat badly because
things have to be equal on both
sides, that is, currently because what
Javi Oliveira has been
repeatedly doing to me, well, I ca
n't stand it anymore.  Yesterday he accused me of
not being right because I'm on one side, I'm on the
other, and I agree with your position too,
Iber, simply true.  And well,
guys, thanks for uploading me, greetings
and nothing, I'm uploading person so that it can
be a hug, a huge hug.
Tomy, people, I would actually say that I
would have to check this out.  In fact,
I would say I have to check this,
but I would swear that at the beginning of the
entry, eh, I don't know anything, honestly,
I'm not like the unquibble.  Hello, Stuttering.
Hello, Cel. Hello, Uncle Chur.  Hello, Nauter
and Gel superior.  How are you?  How are you doing?
Hello, good, good.
I swear, I swear that at some point in
the conversation he asked to be followed,
but come on, I know perfectly well when
someone is spamming and you
do it.  He started mocking along with Yes, he
spammed her, didn't he?  I swear that at one
point in the conversation he spat out what
I said, pathetic stories about how, oh,
they're gone, cowardly.  I mean, the guy
literally came in to [ __ ] up the
space.  That's when I blocked him and
said, "That's it."  He was, he, he came in
all excited that yes, I'm going to
catch them all and they're all going to have to
talk to me, son, things don't
work like that anymore.  I mean, you can't just go
somewhere and expect people to
talk to you just because, because you're you and that's it
.  If someone doesn't want to talk to you, they don't
want to talk to you, and there's
nothing else we can do.  That is, no one can
force them.  And it's not a matter of being cowardly, it's
simply that it's impossible
because you won't get anywhere
because it becomes a whole loop of
questions.  He asks someone and the
other person asks something else and
he asks them to answer what he wants, he
keeps asking the same thing and it's
like, bro, no, we don't
get there either And by the way, the gentleman arrives and can't
even say good afternoon.  In
the last one I said good afternoon, but
he arrived as if he were
really the king of I don't know what.  The king, what
I am.  Shut your mouth.
[Music]